[IMP] subscriptions: physical product admonition (#9843)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/subscriptions/products.rst

   The :guilabel:`Product Type` field is set to :guilabel:`Service` by default, as well. However,
   subscription products *can* be set to other types, if needed.

.. important::
   If creating a physical subscription product in the Odoo *Sales* application, the
   :guilabel:`Invoicing Policy` must be set to :guilabel:`Ordered quantities`.

>    If set to :guilabel:`Delivered quantities`, that policy would block the invoice from being
>    created properly, thus creating issues with the subscription product flow.

Reviewer: Suggestion to more strongly imply an undesired consequence

 ```suggestion
   Setting it to :guilabel:`Delivered quantities` would cause issues with invoice creation and disrupt the subscription 
   process.
```
